_______________________________________________________________________________________________

COPYRIGHT INFORMATION AND DISCLAIMER
_______________________________________________________________________________________________

The RES 6.0 software contained on this disc accompanies the publication Speech Recognition -
Theory and C++ Implementation copyright © 1999 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd., Baffins Lane,
Chichester, West Sussex, UK PO19 1UD.  All rights reserved.

All material contained within RES 6.0 is protected by copyright, whether or not a copyright
notice appears on the particular screen where the material is displayed.

RES 6.0 is an original software distributed as part of the above publication and should not be
sold or re-sold separately. In purchasing the publication, the purchaser acquires a
non-exclusive, non-transferable licence for personal and non-commercial use of the RES
software.  The purchaser may modify the RES software provided that he/she does not alter the
original copyright notice and provides a note on any modifications made to the original
version.  The RES software may be copied and printed out but may not be transmitted to another
or networked without the written permission of the Publisher.  Requests for permission to
distribute the RES software on a network or to exploit it for any purpose other than personal,
non-commercial use should be addressed in the first instance to Customer Services at the
following e-mail address: <cs-books@wiley.co.uk>.

RES 6.0 includes sound files in the directory Sndfiles in which the copyright is held by the
Linguistic Data Consortium, University of Pennsylvania, 3615 Market Street, Suite 200
Philadelphia, PA 19104-2608, USA. Wherever possible, third party copyright holders are
identified in the text files accompanying the utility or programme and requests for permission
to exploit such materials should be addressed to the appropriate copyright holder.

Since RES is licensed free of charge, apart from the cost of the book, there is no warranty for
the programs contained in the disk. The software is supplied "as it is" without warranty of any
kind, either expressed or implied. The entire risk as to the quality and performance of the
software is with the purchaser. The purchaser assumes the cost of all-necessary servicing,
repair or correction in case the programs prove to be defective.

Neither the authors nor John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. accept any responsibility or liability for loss
or damage occasioned to any person or property through using the materials, instructions,
methods or ideas contained herein, or acting or refraining from acting as a result of such use.
The authors and Publisher expressly claim all implied warranties, including merchantability or
fitness for any particular purpose.  There will be no duty on the authors or Publisher to
correct any errors or defects in the software.

It is hoped that the software will prove useful to purchasers and the author Claudio Becchetti
may be contacted by e-mail at <Cbecc@flashnet.it>.
